>>> ALOHA AND NAMASTE, EVERYONE. IT IS 4:00 IN NEW YORK CITY.
IT IS 4:00 IN NEW YORK CITY. I’M JOHN HEILEMANN, IN FOR
I’M JOHN HEILEMANN, IN FOR NICOLLE WALLACE, CONTRARY TO
NICOLLE WALLACE, CONTRARY TO WHAT ALI VELSHI JUST SAID.
WHAT ALI VELSHI JUST SAID. PRESIDENT TRUMP COULDN’T STAY IN
PRESIDENT TRUMP COULDN’T STAY IN THE GLOW THIS MORNING ABOUT THE
THE GLOW THIS MORNING ABOUT THE SENTENCE TO PAUL MANAFORT, TO
SENTENCE TO PAUL MANAFORT, TO LENIENT IT GIVES NEW MEANING TO
LENIENT IT GIVES NEW MEANING TO THE PHRASE SOFT ON CRIME BUT
THE PHRASE SOFT ON CRIME BUT INSTEAD TRUMP SEIZED THE NEWS
INSTEAD TRUMP SEIZED THE NEWS CYCLE AND TURNED IT BACK TO A
CYCLE AND TURNED IT BACK TO A TOPIC YOU WOULD THINK HE WOULD
TOPIC YOU WOULD THINK HE WOULD RATHER AVOID, HIS FORMER FIXER
RATHER AVOID, HIS FORMER FIXER MICHAEL COHEN.
MICHAEL COHEN. TRUMP TWEETING SEEMINGLY OUT OF
TRUMP TWEETING SEEMINGLY OUT OF THE BLUE ABOUT THE TESTIMONY ON
THE BLUE ABOUT THE TESTIMONY ON CAPITOL HILL ALL OF NINE DAYS
CAPITOL HILL ALL OF NINE DAYS AGO.
AGO. HERE’S THAT TWEET --
HERE’S THAT TWEET -- >> BAD LAWYER AND FRAUDSTER
>> BAD LAWYER AND FRAUDSTER MICHAEL COHEN SAID UNDER SWORN
MICHAEL COHEN SAID UNDER SWORN TESTIMONY THAT HE NEVER ASKED
TESTIMONY THAT HE NEVER ASKED FOR A PARDON.
FOR A PARDON. HIS LAWYERS TOTALLY CONTRADICTED
HIS LAWYERS TOTALLY CONTRADICTED HIM.
HIM. HE LIED.
HE LIED. ADDITIONALLY, HE DIRECTED ASKED
ADDITIONALLY, HE DIRECTED ASKED ME FOR A PARDON.
ME FOR A PARDON. I SAID NO.
I SAID NO. HE LIED AGAIN.
HE LIED AGAIN. HE ALSO BADLY WANTED TO WORK AT
HE ALSO BADLY WANTED TO WORK AT THE WHITE HOUSE.
THE WHITE HOUSE. HE LIED.
HE LIED. A LOT OF LIES GOING ON THERE.
A LOT OF LIES GOING ON THERE. NOT ONLY CAN THAT TWEET BE
NOT ONLY CAN THAT TWEET BE CONSIDERED AN ACT OF RETALIATION
CONSIDERED AN ACT OF RETALIATION AGAINST COHEN, A WITNESS WHO IS
AGAINST COHEN, A WITNESS WHO IS ACTIVELY COOPERATING AGAINST
ACTIVELY COOPERATING AGAINST TRUMP, IT’S ALSO A BRAND-NEW
TRUMP, IT’S ALSO A BRAND-NEW INITIATIVE THAT TRUMP HAD A
INITIATIVE THAT TRUMP HAD A EXPLICIT CONVERSATION ABOUT A
EXPLICIT CONVERSATION ABOUT A PARDON WHEN COHEN WAS STILL
PARDON WHEN COHEN WAS STILL LYING ON TRUMP’S BEHALF.
LYING ON TRUMP’S BEHALF. WE HAVE BEEN HEARING FOR MONTHS
WE HAVE BEEN HEARING FOR MONTHS ABOUT TRUMP’S WITNESSES AND
ABOUT TRUMP’S WITNESSES AND MUELLER’S INVESTIGATION BUT THIS
MUELLER’S INVESTIGATION BUT THIS IS THE FIRST TIME WE’VE BEEN
IS THE FIRST TIME WE’VE BEEN HEARING TRUMP MAY HAVE BEEN
HEARING TRUMP MAY HAVE BEEN PERSONALLY INVOLVED IN THOSE
PERSONALLY INVOLVED IN THOSE DISCUSSIONS.
DISCUSSIONS. NEEDLESS TO SAY, TRUMP’S TWEET
NEEDLESS TO SAY, TRUMP’S TWEET HAS OPENED HIM UP TO EVEN MORE
HAS OPENED HIM UP TO EVEN MORE QUESTIONS ABOUT WHETHER HE
QUESTIONS ABOUT WHETHER HE DANGLED PARDONS IN FRONT OF ANY
DANGLED PARDONS IN FRONT OF ANY OF THE OTHER CONVICTED FELONS
OF THE OTHER CONVICTED FELONS THAT WAS ONCE IN HIS INNER
THAT WAS ONCE IN HIS INNER CIRCLE.
CIRCLE. AND THAT’S A TOPIC UNDER
AND THAT’S A TOPIC UNDER SCRUTINY BY AT TLEEFT THREE
SCRUTINY BY AT TLEEFT THREE PERSONAL BODIES.
PERSONAL BODIES. ROBERT MUELLER’S SPECIAL COUNSEL
ROBERT MUELLER’S SPECIAL COUNSEL INVESTIGATION, SOUTHERN DISTRICT
INVESTIGATION, SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AND HOUSE
OF NEW YORK AND HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE.
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE. BUT AS IF THAT WASN’T ENOUGH
BUT AS IF THAT WASN’T ENOUGH POTENTIAL PERIL ON THE PARDON
POTENTIAL PERIL ON THE PARDON FRONT, TRUMP ALSO JUST TODAY
FRONT, TRUMP ALSO JUST TODAY APPEARED TO LEAVE THE DOOR AJAR
APPEARED TO LEAVE THE DOOR AJAR TO, GUESS WHAT?
TO, GUESS WHAT? A PARDON FOR PAUL MANAFORT.
A PARDON FOR PAUL MANAFORT. >> I FEEL VERY BADLY FOR PAUL
>> I FEEL VERY BADLY FOR PAUL MANAFORT.
MANAFORT. I THINK IT’S BEEN A VERY, VERY
I THINK IT’S BEEN A VERY, VERY TOUGH TIME FOR HIM, BUT IF YOU
TOUGH TIME FOR HIM, BUT IF YOU NOTICE, BOTH HIS LAWYER, A
NOTICE, BOTH HIS LAWYER, A HIGHLY RESPECTED MAN AND A VERY
HIGHLY RESPECTED MAN AND A VERY HIGHLY RESPECTED JUDGE, THE
HIGHLY RESPECTED JUDGE, THE JUDGE SAID THERE WAS NO
JUDGE SAID THERE WAS NO COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA.
COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA. THIS HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH
THIS HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH COLLUSION.
COLLUSION. THERE WAS NO COLLUSION.
THERE WAS NO COLLUSION. IT’S A COLLUSION HOAX.
IT’S A COLLUSION HOAX. IT’S A COLLUSION WITCH HOAX.
IT’S A COLLUSION WITCH HOAX. I DON’T EVEN DISCUSS IT.
I DON’T EVEN DISCUSS IT. THE ONLY ONE DISCUSSING IT IS
THE ONLY ONE DISCUSSING IT IS YOU.
YOU. I HAVEN’T DISCUSSED IT.
I HAVEN’T DISCUSSED IT. >> THAT’S NEW, COLLUSION AND
>> THAT’S NEW, COLLUSION AND WITCH HOAX.
WITCH HOAX. THAT’S WHERE WE START TODAY WITH
THAT’S WHERE WE START TODAY WITH SOME OF OUR FAVORITE REPORTERS
SOME OF OUR FAVORITE REPORTERS AND FRIENDS.
AND FRIENDS. PHIL RUCKER, WHITE HOUSE BUREAU
PHIL RUCKER, WHITE HOUSE BUREAU CHIEF OF THE "THE WASHINGTON
CHIEF OF THE "THE WASHINGTON POST," MATTHEW MILLER, FORMER
POST," MATTHEW MILLER, FORMER CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE JUSTICE
CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT, FORMER DENTY
DEPARTMENT, FORMER DENTY ASSISTANCE ATTORNEY THE HARRY
ASSISTANCE ATTORNEY THE HARRY LITMAN AND MSNBC NATIONAL
LITMAN AND MSNBC NATIONAL POLITICAL REPORTER PRZYBYLA.
POLITICAL REPORTER PRZYBYLA. IT’S GREAT TO SEE YOU.
IT’S GREAT TO SEE YOU. I WISH YOU WERE HERE AT THIS
I WISH YOU WERE HERE AT THIS DESK WITH ME.
DESK WITH ME. I WANT TO START OUT WITH YOU,
I WANT TO START OUT WITH YOU, HARRY LITMAN, AND START OUT WITH
HARRY LITMAN, AND START OUT WITH THIS QUESTION, IT SEEMS TO ME,
THIS QUESTION, IT SEEMS TO ME, AND I’M NO LAWYER, IT SEEMED
AND I’M NO LAWYER, IT SEEMED LIKE DONALD TRUMP MAY HAVE
LIKE DONALD TRUMP MAY HAVE OPENED HIMSELF UP TO ADDITIONAL
OPENED HIMSELF UP TO ADDITIONAL LEGAL EXPOSURE.
LEGAL EXPOSURE. AM I RIGHT OR AM I WRONG?
AM I RIGHT OR AM I WRONG? >> YOU’RE RIGHT.
>> YOU’RE RIGHT. HE IS THE WORST CLIENT OF ALL
HE IS THE WORST CLIENT OF ALL TIME.
TIME. EVERY TIME HE OPENS HIS MOUTH,
EVERY TIME HE OPENS HIS MOUTH, IT’S MORE PROBLEMS FOR HIM.
IT’S MORE PROBLEMS FOR HIM. HE HEARS A WITNESS THAT MAKES
HE HEARS A WITNESS THAT MAKES ALL OF THE SENSE IN THE WORLD
ALL OF THE SENSE IN THE WORLD AND SDNY AND CONGRESS MIGHT BOTH
AND SDNY AND CONGRESS MIGHT BOTH ASK, REALLY, MR. PRESIDENT?
ASK, REALLY, MR. PRESIDENT? WHERE WERE YOU?
WHERE WERE YOU? WHAT DID YOU SAY TO MICHAEL
WHAT DID YOU SAY TO MICHAEL COHEN?
COHEN? WHAT DID HE SAY?
WHAT DID HE SAY? IS THIS THE ONLY TIME YOU HAVE
IS THIS THE ONLY TIME YOU HAVE SPOKEN ABOUT PARDONS?
SPOKEN ABOUT PARDONS? HE SO FAR SKATED BECAUSE OF HIS
HE SO FAR SKATED BECAUSE OF HIS POSITION AS PRESIDENT HE’S BEEN
POSITION AS PRESIDENT HE’S BEEN ABLE TO ALLUDE ACTUALLY ASKING
ABLE TO ALLUDE ACTUALLY ASKING QUESTIONS.
QUESTIONS. PERHAPS HE DOES IT AGAIN HERE.
PERHAPS HE DOES IT AGAIN HERE. BUT YOU HAVE TO IMAGINE NED
BUT YOU HAVE TO IMAGINE NED FLOOD AND ALL OF TRUMP’S LAWYERS
FLOOD AND ALL OF TRUMP’S LAWYERS ARE CRINGING ONCE AGAIN TO HEAR
ARE CRINGING ONCE AGAIN TO HEAR HIM BASICALLY ADMITTING, YES, WE
HIM BASICALLY ADMITTING, YES, WE HAD THIS CONVERSATION.
HAD THIS CONVERSATION. COME AND ASK ME ABOUT IT.
COME AND ASK ME ABOUT IT. >>
>> >> MATT MILLER, I ASK YOU,
>> MATT MILLER, I ASK YOU, YOU’RE MORE OF A SCHOLAR OF
YOU’RE MORE OF A SCHOLAR OF PRESIDENTIAL AND LEGAL MATTERS
PRESIDENTIAL AND LEGAL MATTERS THAN I AM BUT IT SEEMS TO ME
THAN I AM BUT IT SEEMS TO ME IT’S POSSIBLE DONALD TRUMP IN
IT’S POSSIBLE DONALD TRUMP IN TWO-US YEARS IN THE WHITE
TWO-US YEARS IN THE WHITE HOUSE HAS MENTIONED THE WORD
HOUSE HAS MENTIONED THE WORD PARDON IN PUBLIC MORE THAN ALL
PARDON IN PUBLIC MORE THAN ALL OF OUR PREVIOUS PRESIDENTS
OF OUR PREVIOUS PRESIDENTS COMBINED.
COMBINED. WHAT IS THAT ABOUT?
WHAT IS THAT ABOUT? >> I THINK IT’S VERY CLEARLY
>> I THINK IT’S VERY CLEARLY ABOUT SENDING A MESSAGE TO
ABOUT SENDING A MESSAGE TO WITNESSES AND DEFENDANTS AND
WITNESSES AND DEFENDANTS AND OTHERS WHO ARE FACING THIS
OTHERS WHO ARE FACING THIS DIFFICULT CHOICE ABOUT WHETHER
DIFFICULT CHOICE ABOUT WHETHER TO COOPERATE WITH INVESTIGATORS
TO COOPERATE WITH INVESTIGATORS AND TELL EVERYTHING THEY KNOW,
AND TELL EVERYTHING THEY KNOW, POTENTIALLY IMPLICATING THE
POTENTIALLY IMPLICATING THE PRESIDENT OR PRESIDENT’S FAMILY
PRESIDENT OR PRESIDENT’S FAMILY OR OTHER PEOPLE CLOSE TO THE
OR OTHER PEOPLE CLOSE TO THE PRESIDENT OR WHETHER TO SIT AND
PRESIDENT OR WHETHER TO SIT AND NOT TALK TO THEM AND HOLD OUT
NOT TALK TO THEM AND HOLD OUT UNTIL THE END OF A TRIAL OR A
UNTIL THE END OF A TRIAL OR A GUILTY PLEA KNOWING THAT AT SOME
GUILTY PLEA KNOWING THAT AT SOME DAY THE PRESIDENT MIGHT BE THERE
DAY THE PRESIDENT MIGHT BE THERE FOR THEM.
FOR THEM. I THINK THAT’S WHY HE SENT THAT
I THINK THAT’S WHY HE SENT THAT MESSAGE IN PRIVATE.
MESSAGE IN PRIVATE. AS YOU ALLUDE TO, IT’S BEEN
AS YOU ALLUDE TO, IT’S BEEN REPORTED HIS PREVIOUS ATTORNEY
REPORTED HIS PREVIOUS ATTORNEY JOHN DOWD HAD CONVERSATIONS WITH
JOHN DOWD HAD CONVERSATIONS WITH MIKE FLYNN AND PAUL MANAFORT.
MIKE FLYNN AND PAUL MANAFORT. IT’S WHY MAYBE HE HAD THIS
IT’S WHY MAYBE HE HAD THIS DISCUSSION WITH MICHAEL COHEN.
DISCUSSION WITH MICHAEL COHEN. IT WAS A REMARKABLE THING FOR
IT WAS A REMARKABLE THING FOR HIM TO PUT ON THE RECORD.
HIM TO PUT ON THE RECORD. NO ONE KNEW THAT UNTIL HE PUT IT
NO ONE KNEW THAT UNTIL HE PUT IT OUT THERE TODAY.
OUT THERE TODAY. AND I THINK IT’S WHY HE WOULD
AND I THINK IT’S WHY HE WOULD HAVE SAID IT SO MUCH.
HAVE SAID IT SO MUCH. WE’RE THE ONLY ONES TALKING
WE’RE THE ONLY ONES TALKING ABOUT IT.
ABOUT IT. IT’S NOT TRUE.
IT’S NOT TRUE. HE’S TWEETED ABOUT IT.
HE’S TWEETED ABOUT IT. HE BROUGHT IT UP IN OTHER
HE BROUGHT IT UP IN OTHER INTERVIEWS.
INTERVIEWS. IT’S BEEN A TOPIC OF
IT’S BEEN A TOPIC OF CONVERSATION OFTENTIMES BROUGHT
CONVERSATION OFTENTIMES BROUGHT UP BY HIM AS IT WAS IN THIS
UP BY HIM AS IT WAS IN THIS TWEET TODAY.
TWEET TODAY. >> HEIDI, I ASK YOU, THERE’S
>> HEIDI, I ASK YOU, THERE’S REPORTING IN "THE NEW YORK
REPORTING IN "THE NEW YORK TIMES" ABOUT THE FACT TRUMP’S
TIMES" ABOUT THE FACT TRUMP’S LAWYERS HAVE OFFERED PARDONS OR
LAWYERS HAVE OFFERED PARDONS OR DISCUSSED PARDONS WITH PAUL
DISCUSSED PARDONS WITH PAUL MANAFORT AND MICHAEL FLYNN
MANAFORT AND MICHAEL FLYNN PREVIOUSLY.
PREVIOUSLY. THIS PARDON TALK, IT’S BEEN A
THIS PARDON TALK, IT’S BEEN A CONSTANT FEATURE AND OBVIOUSLY
CONSTANT FEATURE AND OBVIOUSLY ON SOME LEVEL IT’S BECAUSE
ON SOME LEVEL IT’S BECAUSE THERE’S MORE LEGAL JEOPARDY AND
THERE’S MORE LEGAL JEOPARDY AND MORE PEOPLE AROUND TRUMP THAT
MORE PEOPLE AROUND TRUMP THAT HAS BEEN IN LEGAL TROUBLE THAN
HAS BEEN IN LEGAL TROUBLE THAN ANY PRESIDENT IN HISTORY.
ANY PRESIDENT IN HISTORY. BUT AS WE GET A SENSE HOW MUCH
BUT AS WE GET A SENSE HOW MUCH THIS IS GOING TO BECOME PART OF
THIS IS GOING TO BECOME PART OF THE FABRIC OF THE DISCUSSION,
THE FABRIC OF THE DISCUSSION, ESPECIALLY IN A RELATIONSHIP
ESPECIALLY IN A RELATIONSHIP WITH SOME OF THESE PEOPLE WHO
WITH SOME OF THESE PEOPLE WHO ARE CONVICTED FELONS OR SOON TO
ARE CONVICTED FELONS OR SOON TO BE CONVICTED FELONS, WHAT DO WE
BE CONVICTED FELONS, WHAT DO WE MAKE OF ALL OF THAT AND WHERE
MAKE OF ALL OF THAT AND WHERE THAT DISCUSSION IS HEADED AND
THAT DISCUSSION IS HEADED AND WHAT WE SHOULD MAKE OF IT?
WHAT WE SHOULD MAKE OF IT? >> I WOULD SAY THE BACKDROP TO
>> I WOULD SAY THE BACKDROP TO ALL OF THIS IF I TAKE YOU BACK
ALL OF THIS IF I TAKE YOU BACK TO THE SPECULATION TO WHAT WOULD
TO THE SPECULATION TO WHAT WOULD HAPPEN WITH PAUL MANAFORT IS
HAPPEN WITH PAUL MANAFORT IS THERE WERE ONLY TWO POSSIBLE
THERE WERE ONLY TWO POSSIBLE EXPLANATIONS TO EXPLAIN HIS
EXPLANATIONS TO EXPLAIN HIS BEHAVIOR AND WHY HE WASN’T BEING
BEHAVIOR AND WHY HE WASN’T BEING MORE COOPERATIVE.
MORE COOPERATIVE. EVEN TO THIS DAY THE SPECIAL
EVEN TO THIS DAY THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE SAID HE WAS NOT
COUNSEL’S OFFICE SAID HE WAS NOT OFFERING VERY MUCH INFORMATION.
OFFERING VERY MUCH INFORMATION. SO THE TWO POSSIBLE EXPLANATIONS
SO THE TWO POSSIBLE EXPLANATIONS WOULD BE ONE, HE WAS EXPECTING A
WOULD BE ONE, HE WAS EXPECTING A PARDON.
PARDON. OR TWO, WHATEVER WOULD HAPPEN TO
OR TWO, WHATEVER WOULD HAPPEN TO HIM IF HE ACTUALLY DID SING, IF
HIM IF HE ACTUALLY DID SING, IF HE ACTUALLY DID TALK BECAUSE OF
HE ACTUALLY DID TALK BECAUSE OF HIS CONNECTIONS TO THE RUSSIANS,
HIS CONNECTIONS TO THE RUSSIANS, WOULD BE WORSE THAN WHAT IS
WOULD BE WORSE THAN WHAT IS GOING TO HAPPEN TO HIM IN TERMS
GOING TO HAPPEN TO HIM IN TERMS OF HIS SENTENCING.
OF HIS SENTENCING. SO THE PARDONS AND PROSPECT OF
SO THE PARDONS AND PROSPECT OF PARDONS HAS BEEN PART OF THE
PARDONS HAS BEEN PART OF THE FABRIC FROM THE VERY BEGINNING,
FABRIC FROM THE VERY BEGINNING, AND NOT JUST BECAUSE OF PAUL
AND NOT JUST BECAUSE OF PAUL MANAFORT, BUT BECAUSE OF THE
MANAFORT, BUT BECAUSE OF THE MESSAGE THAT IT MIGHT SEND TO
MESSAGE THAT IT MIGHT SEND TO MANY OTHER POTENTIAL COOPERATING
MANY OTHER POTENTIAL COOPERATING WITNESSES IN TERMS OF MICHAEL
WITNESSES IN TERMS OF MICHAEL FLYNN.
FLYNN. THE INVESTIGATIONS NOW ARE GOING
THE INVESTIGATIONS NOW ARE GOING INTO A PHASE THOUGH, JOHN, WHERE
INTO A PHASE THOUGH, JOHN, WHERE THEY’RE GOING TO BE GETTING
THEY’RE GOING TO BE GETTING INFORMATION OFF OF THE HILL FROM
INFORMATION OFF OF THE HILL FROM MANY OTHER PEOPLE WHO ARE
MANY OTHER PEOPLE WHO ARE COOPERATING.
COOPERATING. I JUST MET THIS MORNING WITH
I JUST MET THIS MORNING WITH SOME AIDES FROM ONE OF THOSE
SOME AIDES FROM ONE OF THOSE COMMUTIES
COMMUTIES COMMITTEES AND THEY SAY THEY’RE
COMMITTEES AND THEY SAY THEY’RE GETTING KOOMS FROM
GETTING KOOMS FROM GETTING COOPERATION FROM
GETTING COOPERATION FROM WITNESSES WHO ALREADY PROVIDED
WITNESSES WHO ALREADY PROVIDED THAT INFORMATION TO MUELLER.
THAT INFORMATION TO MUELLER. EVEN IF WE DON’T SEE THAT
EVEN IF WE DON’T SEE THAT INFORMATION IN TERMS OF A FINAL
INFORMATION IN TERMS OF A FINAL REPORT FROM MUELLER, IT IS BEING
REPORT FROM MUELLER, IT IS BEING EXTRACTED NOW BY THESE
EXTRACTED NOW BY THESE DEMOCRATIC OVERSIGHT COMMITTEES
DEMOCRATIC OVERSIGHT COMMITTEES ON THE HILL.
ON THE HILL. >> FILMPHIL, I WANT TO FOCUS ON
>> FILMPHIL, I WANT TO FOCUS ON PARTICULAR THING ABOUT THIS
PARTICULAR THING ABOUT THIS COHEN TWEET, WHICH IS THE KIND
COHEN TWEET, WHICH IS THE KIND OF OUT OF THE BLUENESS OF IT.
OF OUT OF THE BLUENESS OF IT. IT WAS NINE DAYS AGO WHEN
IT WAS NINE DAYS AGO WHEN MICHAEL COHEN TESTIFIED ON
MICHAEL COHEN TESTIFIED ON CAPITOL HILL.
CAPITOL HILL. OBVIOUSLY HE’S BEEN BACK AND
OBVIOUSLY HE’S BEEN BACK AND THERE’S COHEN’S NEVER REALLY OUT
THERE’S COHEN’S NEVER REALLY OUT OF THE NEWS, BUT WHAT IS IT YOU
OF THE NEWS, BUT WHAT IS IT YOU THINK ON THE BASIS OF YOUR
THINK ON THE BASIS OF YOUR REPORTING AND INTUITION THAT
REPORTING AND INTUITION THAT WOULD CAUSE TRUMP ON THIS
WOULD CAUSE TRUMP ON THIS PARTICULAR MORNING TO DECIDE TO
PARTICULAR MORNING TO DECIDE TO GO AFTER -- TO RAISE THE MICHAEL
GO AFTER -- TO RAISE THE MICHAEL COHEN SPECTER AGAIN?
COHEN SPECTER AGAIN? >> YEAH, JOHN, WELL, THE REASON
>> YEAH, JOHN, WELL, THE REASON I THINK IS BECAUSE ALL WEEK
I THINK IS BECAUSE ALL WEEK WE’VE SEEN VARIOUS ALLEGATIONS
WE’VE SEEN VARIOUS ALLEGATIONS BEING PRESENTED BY COHEN’S
BEING PRESENTED BY COHEN’S LAWYERS AND EXPLANATIONS ABOUT
LAWYERS AND EXPLANATIONS ABOUT TRUMP’S LAWYERS, INCLUDING RUDY
TRUMP’S LAWYERS, INCLUDING RUDY GIULIANI IN THE MEDIA ABOUT THE
GIULIANI IN THE MEDIA ABOUT THE EXTENT OF THESE PARDON
EXTENT OF THESE PARDON CONVERSATIONS, WHAT EXACTLY THEY
CONVERSATIONS, WHAT EXACTLY THEY WERE.
WERE. EARLIER THIS WEEK MICHAEL COHEN
EARLIER THIS WEEK MICHAEL COHEN WAS UP ON CAPITOL HILL IN
WAS UP ON CAPITOL HILL IN CLOSED-DOOR TESTIMONY TALKING
CLOSED-DOOR TESTIMONY TALKING ABOUT THESE CONVERSATIONS,
ABOUT THESE CONVERSATIONS, ACCORDING TO OUR REPORTING, HE
ACCORDING TO OUR REPORTING, HE WAS TELLING CONGRESSIONAL
WAS TELLING CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATORS HE HAD, HAD
INVESTIGATORS HE HAD, HAD NUMEROUS CONVERSATIONS ABOUT A
NUMEROUS CONVERSATIONS ABOUT A PARDON THAT HAD BEEN DANGLED
PARDON THAT HAD BEEN DANGLED BEFORE HIM BY TRUMP’S LEGAL
BEFORE HIM BY TRUMP’S LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES, INCLUDING RUDY
REPRESENTATIVES, INCLUDING RUDY GIULIANI.
GIULIANI. AND SO IT’S BEEN IN THE ETHER,
AND SO IT’S BEEN IN THE ETHER, EVEN THOUGH WE’RE SO REMOVED NOW
EVEN THOUGH WE’RE SO REMOVED NOW FROM COHEN’S TESTIMONY AND I
FROM COHEN’S TESTIMONY AND I THINK THAT’S WHY THE PRESIDENT
THINK THAT’S WHY THE PRESIDENT FINALLY FELT LIKE HE WANTED TO
FINALLY FELT LIKE HE WANTED TO WEIGH IN.
WEIGH IN. AS THE PANEL HAS UNDERSCORED,
AS THE PANEL HAS UNDERSCORED, WHAT TRUMP TWEETED IS VERY
WHAT TRUMP TWEETED IS VERY DIFFERENT THAN WHAT COHEN HAS
DIFFERENT THAN WHAT COHEN HAS BEEN ALLEGING ON CAPITOL HILL.
BEEN ALLEGING ON CAPITOL HILL. >> Translator: IS ACTUALLY
>> Translator: IS ACTUALLY TWEETING THAT HE HIMSELF HAD A
TWEETING THAT HE HIMSELF HAD A CONVERSATION WITH COHEN ABOUT A
CONVERSATION WITH COHEN ABOUT A PARDON, AND COHEN ASKED HIM FOR
PARDON, AND COHEN ASKED HIM FOR A PARDON AND HE SAID NO.
A PARDON AND HE SAID NO. THIS IS A PRESIDENT WHO’S NEVER
THIS IS A PRESIDENT WHO’S NEVER BEEN KNOWN TO BE ESPECIALLY
BEEN KNOWN TO BE ESPECIALLY PRECISE IN HIS RECOLLECTION OR
PRECISE IN HIS RECOLLECTION OR NARRATION OF EVENTS SO I DON’T
NARRATION OF EVENTS SO I DON’T KNOW IF THAT WAS THE TRUTH BUT
KNOW IF THAT WAS THE TRUTH BUT IT WAS AN EXTRAORDINARY TWEET
IT WAS AN EXTRAORDINARY TWEET >> HARRY, IT DOES RAISE THIS
>> HARRY, IT DOES RAISE THIS ISSUE, RIGHT, THE PERSONAL
ISSUE, RIGHT, THE PERSONAL NATURE SAID TRUMP HIMSELF WAS
NATURE SAID TRUMP HIMSELF WAS INVOLVED IN THESE DISCUSSIONS,
INVOLVED IN THESE DISCUSSIONS, IT SEEMS TO ME ONE OF THE THINGS
IT SEEMS TO ME ONE OF THE THINGS YOU WOULD DO, AS YOU SAID, HE’S
YOU WOULD DO, AS YOU SAID, HE’S THE WORST CLIENT IN THE WORLD
THE WORST CLIENT IN THE WORLD BUT IF YOU WANT TO MAINTAIN A
BUT IF YOU WANT TO MAINTAIN A CERTAIN AMOUNT OF PLAUSIBLE
CERTAIN AMOUNT OF PLAUSIBLE DENIABILITY, CAN YOU SAY I DON’T
DENIABILITY, CAN YOU SAY I DON’T KNOW WHAT MY LAWYERS WERE DOING,
KNOW WHAT MY LAWYERS WERE DOING, THEY MIGHT HAVE TALKED ABOUT
THEY MIGHT HAVE TALKED ABOUT PARDONS WITH THESE FOLKS.
PARDONS WITH THESE FOLKS. MY LAWYERS ARE MY LAWYERS.
MY LAWYERS ARE MY LAWYERS. PERSONALLY THE PRESIDENT OF THE
PERSONALLY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES WOULD NEVER GET
UNITED STATES WOULD NEVER GET INVOLVED IN THIS.
INVOLVED IN THIS. BUT INSTEAD TODAY TRUMP SEEMED
BUT INSTEAD TODAY TRUMP SEEMED TO HAVE STRIP ADD WAY ANY
TO HAVE STRIP ADD WAY ANY PLAUSIBLE DENIABILITY ON HIS
PLAUSIBLE DENIABILITY ON HIS PART.
PART. IT MAKES ABSOLUTELY NO SENSE WHY
IT MAKES ABSOLUTELY NO SENSE WHY THE PRESIDENT WOULD WANT TO
THE PRESIDENT WOULD WANT TO ASSERT HIMSELF PERSONALLY IN
ASSERT HIMSELF PERSONALLY IN THIS DISCUSSION.
THIS DISCUSSION. >> YEAH, 100%.
>> YEAH, 100%. WHY TODAY?
WHY TODAY? THAT PATH LIES MADNESS.
THAT PATH LIES MADNESS. HE GETS AN ITCH, HE HAS TO
HE GETS AN ITCH, HE HAS TO SCRATCH IT.
SCRATCH IT. IT’S 3:00 A.M., AND HE JUST
IT’S 3:00 A.M., AND HE JUST DOES.
DOES. IT’S NOT IN HIS SELF-INTEREST,
IT’S NOT IN HIS SELF-INTEREST, EXCEPT, OF COURSE, WE’VE BEEN
EXCEPT, OF COURSE, WE’VE BEEN PILLARING HIM AS A CLIENT,
PILLARING HIM AS A CLIENT, DESERVEDLY, BUT, YOU KNOW, WE’RE
DESERVEDLY, BUT, YOU KNOW, WE’RE IN THE POLITICAL REALM.
IN THE POLITICAL REALM. DID PUTTING IT OUT THERE NOW FOR
DID PUTTING IT OUT THERE NOW FOR SOME REASON GIVE A LITTLE JOLT
SOME REASON GIVE A LITTLE JOLT TO THE BASE THAT HE FELT HE
TO THE BASE THAT HE FELT HE NEEDED, AND IS THAT THE METHED
NEEDED, AND IS THAT THE METHED IN HIS MADNESS?
IN HIS MADNESS? POSSIBLY.
POSSIBLY. >> I WANT TO FOCUS A LITTLE ON
>> I WANT TO FOCUS A LITTLE ON MANAFORT BECAUSE THERE’S BEEN A
MANAFORT BECAUSE THERE’S BEEN A TON OF DISCUSSION SINCE THE
TON OF DISCUSSION SINCE THE SENTENCE WAS HANDED DOWN LAST
SENTENCE WAS HANDED DOWN LAST NIGHT ABOUT HOW FLAGRANT THAT
NIGHT ABOUT HOW FLAGRANT THAT WAS AND THE TWO TIERS OF
WAS AND THE TWO TIERS OF JUSTICE.
JUSTICE. I WANT TO FOCUS FOR A SECOND ON
I WANT TO FOCUS FOR A SECOND ON WHAT THE PRESIDENT’S TEAM HAS
WHAT THE PRESIDENT’S TEAM HAS DIRECTLY SAID ABOUT THIS TODAY.
DIRECTLY SAID ABOUT THIS TODAY. RUDY GIULIANI TODAY HAD A QUOTE
RUDY GIULIANI TODAY HAD A QUOTE TO THE ASSOCIATED PRESS WHERE HE
TO THE ASSOCIATED PRESS WHERE HE SAID ABOUT MANAFORT, QUOTE, I
SAID ABOUT MANAFORT, QUOTE, I FEEL TERRIBLE ABOUT THE WAY
FEEL TERRIBLE ABOUT THE WAY MANAFORT HAS BEEN TREATED.
MANAFORT HAS BEEN TREATED. I THINK IT’S NOT AMERICAN TO
I THINK IT’S NOT AMERICAN TO KEEP A MAN IN SOLITARY
KEEP A MAN IN SOLITARY CONFINEMENT, TRY TO CRACK HIM.
CONFINEMENT, TRY TO CRACK HIM. HE’S NOT A TERRORIST.
HE’S NOT A TERRORIST. HE’S NOT AN ORGANIZED CRIMINAL.
HE’S NOT AN ORGANIZED CRIMINAL. HE’S A WHITE COLLAR CRIMINAL.
HE’S A WHITE COLLAR CRIMINAL. NOTHING TO ME SCREAMS MATT, MATT
NOTHING TO ME SCREAMS MATT, MATT MILLER, MORE THE TWO AMERICAS
MILLER, MORE THE TWO AMERICAS HERE OR TWO-TIER NATURE OF
HERE OR TWO-TIER NATURE OF AMERICAN JUSTICE WE COULD HAVE A
AMERICAN JUSTICE WE COULD HAVE A CONVERSATION WITH SOMEONE GUILTY
CONVERSATION WITH SOMEONE GUILTY OF THE KIND OF CRIMES PAUL
OF THE KIND OF CRIMES PAUL MANAFORT IS CONVICTED OF IS NOT
MANAFORT IS CONVICTED OF IS NOT A SERIOUS CRIME.
A SERIOUS CRIME. SO RUDY GIULIANI IS SUGGESTING
SO RUDY GIULIANI IS SUGGESTING HE’S NOT A TERRORIST SO,
HE’S NOT A TERRORIST SO, THEREFORE, HE’S A JAY WALKER.
THEREFORE, HE’S A JAY WALKER. WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THE SENTENCE
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THE SENTENCE ITSELF?
ITSELF? AND CAST YOUR MIND FORWARD TO
AND CAST YOUR MIND FORWARD TO NEXT WEEK WHEN A NEW JUDGE WILL
NEXT WEEK WHEN A NEW JUDGE WILL BE LOOKING AT PAUL MANAFORT’S
BE LOOKING AT PAUL MANAFORT’S OTHER CRIMES AND HAS THE
OTHER CRIMES AND HAS THE POSSIBILITY OF ADDING TEN MORE
POSSIBILITY OF ADDING TEN MORE YEARS ON TO HIS CUMULATIVE
YEARS ON TO HIS CUMULATIVE SENTENCE.
SENTENCE. SOMEWHERE FIRST, LET ME SAY
SOMEWHERE FIRST, LET ME SAY SOMETHING ABOUT RUDY GIULIANI,
SOMETHING ABOUT RUDY GIULIANI, IT’S KIND OF BECOME TRITE TO
IT’S KIND OF BECOME TRITE TO POINT OUT WHAT A HYPOCRITE HE’S
POINT OUT WHAT A HYPOCRITE HE’S BECOME AS A PROSECUTOR AT SDNY.
BECOME AS A PROSECUTOR AT SDNY. BUT ONE OF THE WAY HE MADE HIS
BUT ONE OF THE WAY HE MADE HIS NAME IN SDNY WAS PROSECUTING
NAME IN SDNY WAS PROSECUTING PEOPLE FOR WHITE COLLAR CRIME.
PEOPLE FOR WHITE COLLAR CRIME. THAT’S WHAT MADE HIM FAMOUS,
THAT’S WHAT MADE HIM FAMOUS, WALKING INTO TRADING FLOORS WITH
WALKING INTO TRADING FLOORS WITH HANDCUFFS.
HANDCUFFS. THEY ARE SERIOUS CRIMES.
THEY ARE SERIOUS CRIMES. THEY SHOULD BE PROSECUTED.
THEY SHOULD BE PROSECUTED. THE ONLY PEOPLE IN THE COUNTRY
THE ONLY PEOPLE IN THE COUNTRY WHO THINK PAUL MANAFORT WAS
WHO THINK PAUL MANAFORT WAS TREATED TOO HASH,LY, NOT TOO
TREATED TOO HASH,LY, NOT TOO LENIENTLY BY THE JUDGE, BUT TOO
LENIENTLY BY THE JUDGE, BUT TOO HARSHLY, IS THE PRESIDENT AND
HARSHLY, IS THE PRESIDENT AND HIS LEGAL TEAM.
HIS LEGAL TEAM. THE PROBLEM WITH THE SENTENCE IS
THE PROBLEM WITH THE SENTENCE IS TWO-FOLD.
TWO-FOLD. ONE, IF YOU LOOK AT THE NATURE
ONE, IF YOU LOOK AT THE NATURE OF HIS CRIME, SET ASIDE WHO HE
OF HIS CRIME, SET ASIDE WHO HE IS, THE NATURE OF THE CRIME,
IS, THE NATURE OF THE CRIME, TEN-YEAR CRIME SPREE HE EMBARKED
TEN-YEAR CRIME SPREE HE EMBARKED ON AND SERIOUS GUILTY VERDICTS
ON AND SERIOUS GUILTY VERDICTS RETURNED BY THAT JURY ON EIGHT
RETURNED BY THAT JURY ON EIGHT COUNTS, OBVIOUSLY, HE WAS -- HE
COUNTS, OBVIOUSLY, HE WAS -- HE SHOULD HAVE BEEN GIVEN A MUCH
SHOULD HAVE BEEN GIVEN A MUCH MORE SERIOUS -- NOT THE FULL 19
MORE SERIOUS -- NOT THE FULL 19 TO 24 BUT SOMETHING ALONG 10, 12
TO 24 BUT SOMETHING ALONG 10, 12 YEARS WOULD HAVE BEEN JUSTIFIED.
YEARS WOULD HAVE BEEN JUSTIFIED. BUT THEN WHEN YOU COMPARE IT TO
BUT THEN WHEN YOU COMPARE IT TO EVERYONE ELSE, IT DRIVES HOME
EVERYONE ELSE, IT DRIVES HOME THIS PROBLEM.
THIS PROBLEM. IT ISN’T UNIQUE TO PAUL MANAFORT
IT ISN’T UNIQUE TO PAUL MANAFORT THAT WEALTHY, WHITE, POWERFUL
THAT WEALTHY, WHITE, POWERFUL WHITE CRIME DEFENDANTS ARE JUST
WHITE CRIME DEFENDANTS ARE JUST NOT TREATED THE SAME AS POOR
NOT TREATED THE SAME AS POOR DEFENDANTS, BLACK AND BROWN
DEFENDANTS, BLACK AND BROWN DEFENDANTS, GUILTY OF NOT JUST
DEFENDANTS, GUILTY OF NOT JUST NONVIOLENT CRIMES BUT VIOLENT
NONVIOLENT CRIMES BUT VIOLENT CRIMES LIKE DRUG DISTRIBUTION.
CRIMES LIKE DRUG DISTRIBUTION. >> I WANT TO ASK MATT THIS
>> I WANT TO ASK MATT THIS QUESTION ABOUT WHAT HAPPENS
QUESTION ABOUT WHAT HAPPENS NEXT.
NEXT. MANAFORT IS OPEN TO POTENTIAL OF
MANAFORT IS OPEN TO POTENTIAL OF BEING PROSECUTED BY NEW YORK
BEING PROSECUTED BY NEW YORK STATE IN ADDITION TO BEING
STATE IN ADDITION TO BEING PROSECUTED, THE CRIMES HE’S
PROSECUTED, THE CRIMES HE’S ALREADY BEEN PROSECUTED FOR.
ALREADY BEEN PROSECUTED FOR. AND YOU HAVE AMY BERMAN JACKSON,
AND YOU HAVE AMY BERMAN JACKSON, THE JUDGE WHO WILL RULE ON HIS
THE JUDGE WHO WILL RULE ON HIS SENTENCING NEXT WEEK.
SENTENCING NEXT WEEK. IF YOU’RE JUDGE BERMAN JACKSON,
IF YOU’RE JUDGE BERMAN JACKSON, WHAT ARE YOU THINKING ABOUT WHAT
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING ABOUT WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
JUST HAPPENED? AND DOES IT PLAY ANY ROLE IN
AND DOES IT PLAY ANY ROLE IN WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT THE
WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT THE SENTENCE YOU DECIDE TO HAND DOWN
SENTENCE YOU DECIDE TO HAND DOWN NEXT WEEK?
NEXT WEEK? >> THAT’S AN INTERESTING AND
>> THAT’S AN INTERESTING AND TRICKY QUESTION.
TRICKY QUESTION. MUELLER’S SENTENCING MEMORANDUM
MUELLER’S SENTENCING MEMORANDUM DROPS A FOOTNOTE THAT ANSWERS
DROPS A FOOTNOTE THAT ANSWERS THAT QUESTION AND POINTS TO YES.
THAT QUESTION AND POINTS TO YES. THE GUIDELINES SUGGEST SHE CAN
THE GUIDELINES SUGGEST SHE CAN GO UP TO TEN YEARS BASED ON HIS
GO UP TO TEN YEARS BASED ON HIS OVERALL CONDUCT, IN OTHER WORDS,
OVERALL CONDUCT, IN OTHER WORDS, AVERTING TO THE EASTERN DISTRICT
AVERTING TO THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA CONDUCT.
OF VIRGINIA CONDUCT. WOULD I HAVE THOUGHT THOUGH SHE
WOULD I HAVE THOUGHT THOUGH SHE WOULD HAVE TRIED TO KEEP IT
WOULD HAVE TRIED TO KEEP IT INDEPENDENT AND WOULD BE --
INDEPENDENT AND WOULD BE -- SHE’S A TOUGH SENTENCER BUT
SHE’S A TOUGH SENTENCER BUT WOULD BE LOOKING AT SOMETHING
WOULD BE LOOKING AT SOMETHING LIKE SEVEN OR EIGHT YEARS.
LIKE SEVEN OR EIGHT YEARS. BUT I JUST DO WANT TO POINT OUT,
BUT I JUST DO WANT TO POINT OUT, IT WAS AN EGREGIOUS DEPARTURE
IT WAS AN EGREGIOUS DEPARTURE BUT THE SYSTEM IS NOT DONE WITH
BUT THE SYSTEM IS NOT DONE WITH PAUL MANAFORT AND PROBABLY NEVER
PAUL MANAFORT AND PROBABLY NEVER WILL BE.
WILL BE. THERE IS NOT JUST THIS COMING
THERE IS NOT JUST THIS COMING UP, ALSO AS YOU SAY THE
UP, ALSO AS YOU SAY THE POSSIBILITY OF NEW YORK, THREE
POSSIBILITY OF NEW YORK, THREE OTHER STATES INCLUDING RHODE
OTHER STATES INCLUDING RHODE ISLAND AND ILLINOIS, COULD
ISLAND AND ILLINOIS, COULD POTENTIALLY INDICT HIM AND I
POTENTIALLY INDICT HIM AND I THINK ARE BEGINNING TO LOOK AT
THINK ARE BEGINNING TO LOOK AT THAT HARD BECAUSE OF THIS
THAT HARD BECAUSE OF THIS SENTENCE.
SENTENCE. IS HE BY NO MEANS OUT OF THE
IS HE BY NO MEANS OUT OF THE WOODS.
WOODS. >> PHIL, ONE OF THE THINGS THAT
>> PHIL, ONE OF THE THINGS THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP SEIZED ON TODAY
PRESIDENT TRUMP SEIZED ON TODAY AS THE MOST PREDICTABLE THING IN
AS THE MOST PREDICTABLE THING IN THE WORLD, BESIDES LIKE THE SUN
THE WORLD, BESIDES LIKE THE SUN RISING IN THE EAST, WAS THE
RISING IN THE EAST, WAS THE NOTION TRUMP WOULD SEIZE ON THE
NOTION TRUMP WOULD SEIZE ON THE NOTION THE JUDGE SAID THERE WAS
NOTION THE JUDGE SAID THERE WAS NO COLLUSION.
NO COLLUSION. IT’S NOT REALLY WHAT THE JUDGE
IT’S NOT REALLY WHAT THE JUDGE SAID.
SAID. TALK A LITTLE BIT ABOUT THAT.
TALK A LITTLE BIT ABOUT THAT. I KNOW COLLUSION WILL BE RINGING
I KNOW COLLUSION WILL BE RINGING IN YOUR EARS PROBABLY UNTIL THE
IN YOUR EARS PROBABLY UNTIL THE DAY YOU DIE GIVEN HOW MANY TIMES
DAY YOU DIE GIVEN HOW MANY TIMES TRUMP SAID IT, BUT TALK ABOUT
TRUMP SAID IT, BUT TALK ABOUT THAT MISCHARACTERIZATION OF THE
THAT MISCHARACTERIZATION OF THE FACTS.
FACTS. >> IT’S BEEN RINGING IN OUR EARS
>> IT’S BEEN RINGING IN OUR EARS FOR A COUPLE YEARS NOW BUT THAT
FOR A COUPLE YEARS NOW BUT THAT WAS A GROSS MISCHARACTERIZATION
WAS A GROSS MISCHARACTERIZATION OF WHAT JUDGE ELLIS SAID
OF WHAT JUDGE ELLIS SAID YESTERDAY.
YESTERDAY. WHAT HE SAID WAS PAUL MANAFORT
WHAT HE SAID WAS PAUL MANAFORT WAS IN THAT COURTROOM FOR CRIMES
WAS IN THAT COURTROOM FOR CRIMES THAT DO NOT HAVE TO DO WITH THE
THAT DO NOT HAVE TO DO WITH THE INVESTIGATION OF COLLUSION
INVESTIGATION OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND
BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA.
RUSSIA. SO THE MANAFORT CRIMES WERE
SO THE MANAFORT CRIMES WERE SEPARATE FROM THE TRUMP
SEPARATE FROM THE TRUMP COLLUSION/RUSSIA INVESTIGATION.
COLLUSION/RUSSIA INVESTIGATION. BUT HE DID NOT AT ALL ARRIVE AT
BUT HE DID NOT AT ALL ARRIVE AT A JUDGMENT ABOUT RUSSIAN
A JUDGMENT ABOUT RUSSIAN COLLUSION AND DID NOT GIVE THE
COLLUSION AND DID NOT GIVE THE PRESIDENT A CLEAN BILL OF HEALTH
PRESIDENT A CLEAN BILL OF HEALTH AS THE PRESIDENT CLAIMED ON THE
AS THE PRESIDENT CLAIMED ON THE SOUTH LAWN OF THE WHITE HOUSE
SOUTH LAWN OF THE WHITE HOUSE TODAY.
TODAY. >> HEIDI, I WANT TO READ YOU A
>> HEIDI, I WANT TO READ YOU A TWEET FROM ADAM SCHIFF, CHAIRMAN
TWEET FROM ADAM SCHIFF, CHAIRMAN OF THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE
OF THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE THAT AGREES WITH PHIL
COMMITTEE THAT AGREES WITH PHIL RUCKER’S ANALYSIS AND GOES A
RUCKER’S ANALYSIS AND GOES A LITTLE FURTHER.
LITTLE FURTHER. HERE’S THE TWEET -- THE
HERE’S THE TWEET -- THE STATEMENT BY PAUL MANAFORT’S
STATEMENT BY PAUL MANAFORT’S LAWYER AFTER AN ALREADY LENIENT
LAWYER AFTER AN ALREADY LENIENT SENTENCE, REPEATING THE
SENTENCE, REPEATING THE PRESIDENT’S MANTRA OF NO
PRESIDENT’S MANTRA OF NO COLLUSION, WAS NO ACCIDENT.
COLLUSION, WAS NO ACCIDENT. IT WAS THE DELIBERATE APPEAL FOR
IT WAS THE DELIBERATE APPEAL FOR A PARDON, ONE INJUSTICE MUST NOT
A PARDON, ONE INJUSTICE MUST NOT FOLLOW ANOTHER.
FOLLOW ANOTHER. SO SCHIFF IS BASICALLY SAYING
SO SCHIFF IS BASICALLY SAYING FIRST OF ALL, WHAT PHIL JUST
FIRST OF ALL, WHAT PHIL JUST SAID, THE JUDGE DIDN’T SAY NO
SAID, THE JUDGE DIDN’T SAY NO COLLUSION, THE LAWYER SAID NO
COLLUSION, THE LAWYER SAID NO COLLUSION.
COLLUSION. AND THAT WAS INTENDED FOR AN
AND THAT WAS INTENDED FOR AN APPEAL FOR A PARDON.
APPEAL FOR A PARDON. TALK ABOUT ADAM SCHIFF’S GAME
TALK ABOUT ADAM SCHIFF’S GAME HERE AND HOW THIS ACTION CAN
HERE AND HOW THIS ACTION CAN SHIFT TO CAPITOL HILL ON THE
SHIFT TO CAPITOL HILL ON THE MANAFORT FRONT.
MANAFORT FRONT. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. BASED ON OUR REPORTING THE
BASED ON OUR REPORTING THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE IS
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE IS ACTUALLY GETTING A LOT OF
ACTUALLY GETTING A LOT OF INFORMATION IN COORDINATION WITH
INFORMATION IN COORDINATION WITH OTHER COMMITTEES, LIKE THE
OTHER COMMITTEES, LIKE THE FINANCIAL SERVICES COMMITTEE.
FINANCIAL SERVICES COMMITTEE. IF THEY EVENTUALLY GET TRUMP’S
IF THEY EVENTUALLY GET TRUMP’S TAX RETURNS, THEY WILL GET A LOT
TAX RETURNS, THEY WILL GET A LOT MORE INFORMATION FROM THAT BUT
MORE INFORMATION FROM THAT BUT THEY’RE GOING HARD AT THE ISSUE
THEY’RE GOING HARD AT THE ISSUE OF COLLUSION.
OF COLLUSION. THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT THEY’RE
THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT THEY’RE GOING TO BE EXAMINING.
GOING TO BE EXAMINING. AND UNLIKE IN THE SENATE
AND UNLIKE IN THE SENATE COMMITTEE, WHERE YOU DID HAVE
COMMITTEE, WHERE YOU DID HAVE SOME -- A LITTLE BIT OF PARTISAN
SOME -- A LITTLE BIT OF PARTISAN BREAKDOWN THERE, ON THE HOUSE
BREAKDOWN THERE, ON THE HOUSE SIDE, THERE’S GOING TO BE MANY
SIDE, THERE’S GOING TO BE MANY MORE WITNESSES NOW COMING IN,
MORE WITNESSES NOW COMING IN, INCLUDING ALANLEN WEISSELBERG TH
INCLUDING ALANLEN WEISSELBERG TH THEY ALREADY HAVE COOPERATING
THEY ALREADY HAVE COOPERATING AND BASED ON MY REPORTING WITH
AND BASED ON MY REPORTING WITH JUDICIARY SOURCES, THEY’RE
JUDICIARY SOURCES, THEY’RE BIFURCATING A LOT OF THIS AND
BIFURCATING A LOT OF THIS AND THEY’RE TAKING IT VERY SLOW
THEY’RE TAKING IT VERY SLOW BECAUSE THEY DON’T WANT IT TO BE
BECAUSE THEY DON’T WANT IT TO BE SEEN AS OVERREACH.
SEEN AS OVERREACH. THEY DON’T WANT IT TO BE SEEN AS
THEY DON’T WANT IT TO BE SEEN AS JUST GOING AFTER THE PRESIDENT
JUST GOING AFTER THE PRESIDENT WILLY-NILLY PARTISANLY.
WILLY-NILLY PARTISANLY. BUT THERE IS GOING TO BE AN
BUT THERE IS GOING TO BE AN OBSTRUCTION ELEMENT OF THIS
OBSTRUCTION ELEMENT OF THIS THROUGH THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
THROUGH THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE. ON INTELLIGENCE, THE COLLUSION
ON INTELLIGENCE, THE COLLUSION PART OF THIS STILL HAS MANY MORE
PART OF THIS STILL HAS MANY MORE CHARACTERS TO PLAY OUT.
CHARACTERS TO PLAY OUT. AGAIN TO REPEAT MYSELF FROM THE
AGAIN TO REPEAT MYSELF FROM THE FIRST PART, EVEN THOUGH -- EVEN
FIRST PART, EVEN THOUGH -- EVEN IF THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION
IF THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION NEVER BECOMES PUBLIC, THIS WILL
NEVER BECOMES PUBLIC, THIS WILL ALL ULTSIMATELY BECOME PUBLIC
ALL ULTSIMATELY BECOME PUBLIC THROUGH THE INTELLIGENCE
THROUGH THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE.
COMMITTEE. I THOUGHT IT WAS NOTABLE, JOHN,
I THOUGHT IT WAS NOTABLE, JOHN, FOR INSTANCE ONE OF THE
FOR INSTANCE ONE OF THE CHARACTERS SCHIFF WANTS TO BRING
CHARACTERS SCHIFF WANTS TO BRING BEFORE HIS COMMUNITY IS FELIX
BEFORE HIS COMMUNITY IS FELIX SATER, WHO IS VERY CLOSE TO THE
SATER, WHO IS VERY CLOSE TO THE TRUMP FAMILY BUT ALSO VERY CLOSE
TRUMP FAMILY BUT ALSO VERY CLOSE TO THE RUSSIAN MAFIA.
TO THE RUSSIAN MAFIA. IT IS NOTABLE SCHIFF WANTED TO
IT IS NOTABLE SCHIFF WANTED TO BRING HIM INITIALLY IN PUBLIC,
BRING HIM INITIALLY IN PUBLIC, WHICH MEANS THEY’VE ALREADY GOT